c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer.exe.config
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\obj\Debug\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\obj\Debug\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\obj\Debug\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer.exe
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer.pdb
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.dll
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.dll
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.pdb
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.xml
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.pdb
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.xml
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\obj\Debug\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer.g.resources
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\obj\Debug\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\obj\Debug\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\obj\Debug\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer.exe
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\obj\Debug\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer.pdb
C:\Users\Bastiaan.Brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.NRefactory.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Bastiaan.Brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.NRefactory.dll
C:\Users\Bastiaan.Brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.NRefactory.Xml.dll
C:\Users\Bastiaan.Brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
C:\Users\Bastiaan.Brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
C:\Users\Bastiaan.Brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
C:\Users\Bastiaan.Brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
C:\Users\Bastiaan.Brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.NRefactory.xml
C:\Users\Bastiaan.Brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.NRefactory.CSharp.xml
C:\Users\Bastiaan.Brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.NRefactory.Xml.xml
C:\Users\Bastiaan.Brekelmans\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.NRefactory.Cecil.dll
C:\Users\Bastiaan.Brekelmans\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CSharpInheritanceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.NRefactory.Cecil.xml
