c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\bin\Debug\InheritanceInsertion.exe.config
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\bin\Debug\InheritanceInsertion.exe
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\bin\Debug\InheritanceInsertion.pdb
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.dll
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.dll
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.pdb
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.xml
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.pdb
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.xml
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\obj\Debug\InheritanceInsertion.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\obj\Debug\InheritanceInsertion_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\obj\Debug\InheritanceInsertion_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\obj\Debug\InheritanceInsertion.g.resources
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\obj\Debug\InheritanceInsertion.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\obj\Debug\InheritanceInsertion.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\obj\Debug\InheritanceInsertion.exe
c:\users\bastiaan.brekelmans\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InheritanceInsertion\obj\Debug\InheritanceInsertion.pdb
